---
title: Fuse box 2
layout: post
author: rowan.mcgirr
permalink: /fuse-box-2/
source-id: 1H4gIioeSMfrJGCaQzTBrAMD-iiCLXrG3VcFB3fhAfMw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuze Box 2</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>24/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Exercise 1.2</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To finish the whole exercise </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, we worked well and successfully got through the task we wanted to achieve.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Reading the instruction manual gave me and my partner a clue to what we should do. This week, unlike the other we got our monitor and Fuze box to work quickly so we could not lose patience and carry on effectively. We cooperated as a team and took turns writing the code whilst the other feeds in the information to the typer making it a win win result. We have been able to get a memory stick so we can save our work and not have to restart which is really going to be helpful to us.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>The only limit was when we were done we did not really know what to do next. We did not have a teacher in our room so could not ask them to help or give clues to say what to do next.
Luckily that scenario only occurred to us in the last 5 minutes of the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will improve my learning by pushing my boundaries and ask the teacher if we should do the next exercise. This will enable me to reach my capabilities and learn even more about the Fuze box and what sorts of different coding it has to other for me and my partner.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


