---
title: IT Lesson 5
layout: post
author: rowan.mcgirr
permalink: /it-lesson-5/
source-id: 1JZdsPbjEoJIpGoyniDSS_YtJmM5B-XOI5l8dFIIX-HY
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>BBC Fuze Box exercises continued...</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>13/06/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Exercise 4.1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To be able to complete 2 exercises</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>No, we did not achieve our target set for the duration of the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>We worked well as a pair in what we are said to do and took turns doing different roles. I was interested in what we were doing as (this time) it was quite challenging. I asked questions and figured them out myself without someone having to tell me what to do which made my learning much better and sufficient.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Our teacher did not give us the right equipment for the first exercise. Therefore making us slow down and making us not able to complete both tasks. I need to keep that bit more concentrated if things go wrong and assess what I should do next.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will collaborate even more and help others that are stuck because I may also learn from what they are trying to achieve. Also to remember to save changes as a document, if not, and the coding error does not run then you will have to do it all again which is repetitive and also you don't gain any level of knowledge, understanding or importance over the coding in BBC Fuze Box.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


