---
title: Fuze box
layout: post
author: rowan.mcgirr
permalink: /fuze-box/
source-id: 1gEUowJFd8MIljDdIIyB1L9p3jOp2RfrXD33j3_fucNo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Fuse box</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>17/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Exercise 1 basic fuse</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get further than exercise 1</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes, I did reach my target in fact I worked efficiently and got onto the third exercise with my partner.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by co-operating with my partner, for instance our monitor was not turning on so we talked and sussed out the problem. We each had go controlling the box which was a lot of fun and played different roles in the success of us being able to quickly work out all the instructions.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I, at the start lost a bit of patience as our monitor would not turn on and after numerous attempts I lost hope a bit which slowed us down in the long run. I also read instructions too quick and we got a few things wrong. We did not have a USB cable and can't save our work so from last week we had to do the same exercise again and got a bit boring.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I am going to try and keep my patience and also to get a USB cable so we can save all the work we have done in previous weeks or if not it will get repetitive and a bit boring because I will be saying to myself, I didn't learn anything. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


